[Docs]add eplb_config param use docs (#24213)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/serving/expert_parallel_deployment.md

### EPLB Parameters

> The new `--eplb-config` argument should be used, which accepts a JSON string. The available keys and their descriptions are:

Reviewer: Small nit since we no longer mention the old way

```suggestion
Configure EPLB with the `--eplb-config` argument, which accepts a JSON string. The available keys and their descriptions are:
```

| Parameter | Description | Default |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `window_size`| Number of engine steps to track for rebalancing decisions | 1000 |
| `step_interval`| Frequency of rebalancing (every N engine steps) | 3000 |
| `log_balancedness` | Log balancedness metrics (avg tokens per expert ÷ max tokens per expert) | `false` |
| `num_redundant_experts` | Additional global experts per EP rank beyond equal distribution | `0` |

For example:

> ```bash
> vllm serve Qwen/Qwen3-30B-A3B \
>   --enable-eplb \
>   --eplb-config '{"window_size":1000,"step_interval":3000,"num_redundant_experts":2,"log_balancedness":true}'
> ```

Reviewer: Some users prefer to use individual arguments instead of JSON blobs. It might be nice to include this version of the command folded in an admonition

````suggestion
```bash
vllm serve Qwen/Qwen3-30B-A3B \
  --enable-eplb \
  --eplb-config '{"window_size":1000,"step_interval":3000,"num_redundant_experts":2,"log_balancedness":true}'
```

??? tip "Prefer individual arguments instead of JSON?"
    ```bash
    vllm serve Qwen/Qwen3-30B-A3B \
          --enable-eplb \
          --eplb-config.window_size 1000 \
          --eplb-config.step_interval 3000 \
          --eplb-config.num_redundant_experts 2 \
          --eplb-config.log_balancedness true
    ```
````

| Parameter | Description | Default |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `--eplb-window-size` | Number of engine steps to track for rebalancing decisions | - |
| `--eplb-step-interval` | Frequency of rebalancing (every N engine steps) | - |
| `--eplb-log-balancedness` | Log balancedness metrics (avg tokens per expert ÷ max tokens per expert) | `false` |
| `--num-redundant-experts` | Additional global experts per EP rank beyond equal distribution | `0` |

| Parameter | Description | Default |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `--eplb-config.window_size` | Number of engine steps to track for rebalancing decisions | - |
| `--eplb-config.step_interval` | Frequency of rebalancing (every N engine steps) | - |
| `--eplb-config.log_balancedness` | Log balancedness metrics (avg tokens per expert ÷ max tokens per expert) | `false` |
| `--eplb-config.num-redundant-experts` | Additional global experts per EP rank beyond equal distribution | `0` |

Or use json str to config:

```
vllm serve meta-llama/Llama-3.2-1B \
  --enable-eplb \
  --eplb_config '{"window_size":1000,"step_interval":3000,"num_redundant_experts":2,"log_balancedness":true}'

> ```

Reviewer 2: Don't take this since vLLM supports `--eplb-config.window_size`

### EPLB Parameters

> > Tips: This config type will be removed in v0.12.0, please use new `--eplb_config` config type.
> 
> | Parameter | Description | Default |
> |-----------|-------------|---------|
> | `--eplb-window-size` | Number of engine steps to track for rebalancing decisions | - |
> | `--eplb-step-interval` | Frequency of rebalancing (every N engine steps) | - |
> | `--eplb-log-balancedness` | Log balancedness metrics (avg tokens per expert ÷ max tokens per expert) | `false` |
> | `--num-redundant-experts` | Additional global experts per EP rank beyond equal distribution | `0` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Simply remove this to promote the new style

The new `--eplb-config` argument should be used, which accepts a JSON string. The available keys and their descriptions are:
| Parameter | Description | Default |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `window_size`| Number of engine steps to track for rebalancing decisions | 1000 |
| `step_interval`| Frequency of rebalancing (every N engine steps) | 3000 |
| `log_balancedness` | Log balancedness metrics (avg tokens per expert ÷ max tokens per expert) | `false` |
| `num_redundant_experts` | Additional global experts per EP rank beyond equal distribution | `0` |

For example:

```

> vllm serve meta-llama/Llama-3.2-1B \

Reviewer: This is not an MoE model

Author: use Qwen/Qwen3-30B-A3B model.
